coming up on the drop zone cap you do
anything fun Saturday night well all the
guys in my barbershop quartet are dead
so no not really you know if you ask
Kristen out from Statistics you'd
probably say yes it's why don't ask too
shy or too scared too busy Captain
America the First Avenger was probably
one of the riskier movies in the first
phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe
the hero is named after undressed in the
flag of a country that isn't exactly
winning a lot of global popularity
contest right now it was a period piece
taking place during World War two and
there's nothing really that I catching
about the character Iron Man has that
amazing suit Thor has lightning and his
hammer The Hulk is a giant green monster
but Captain America is just a really
strong guy with an awesomely strong
shield so it took a lot of guts to bring
him to the silver screen and luckily for
Marvel it worked out Captain America the
First Avenger received critical acclaim
across the board and a strong showing at
the box office since then Marvel has
become one of the strongest forces in
Hollywood today with the Avengers in
iron man 3 smashing box office records
all over the world and Thor sequel the
dark world eclipsing its predecessor at
the box office now it's time for the red
white and blue Boy Scout to come back
for his second go-around up until now
Marvel's second phase has been good but
not great iron man 3 angered fans with
some of its plot twists and Thor 2 was
light on any meaningful character
development except for Loki so one
couldn't be blamed for having low
expectations for Captain America 2 but
the captain knocks it out of the park in
a big way the winter soldier is far more
of a spy thriller than a superhero movie
and it actually works out really well
since Captain America's powers aren't
nearly as flashy as some of these
Avengers counterparts the acting is
about what you'd expect from a Marvel
movie now ranging from good to great
Chris Evans is of course perfect is a
good captain the persona the physicality
it works just as well as it always has I
really enjoyed the moments that had
Steve Rogers as a man at a time like
checking off cultural touchstones that
have taken place since he was frozen I
wish there was more of that in the movie
but I can't really complain too much
because it's not like the rest of the
movie is lacking because of it samuel l
jackson is finally given his time
shine in this movie instead of being a
glorified cameo in the other Marvel
films Scarlett Johansson's black widow
steals the show on more than one
occasion and this really justifies all
the hype for there being a black widow
solo movie or at least the Black Widow
and Hawkeye team up Sebastian stands
Winter Soldier is a force to be reckoned
with in the film though I think he's a
little underused considering his name is
at the title Anthony Mackie is a great
addition to the cast bringing some
levity to the movie while still having
some gravitas speaking of levity that is
one thing that the directors anthony and
joe russo really nail in this movie and
that's the mixture of levity and
darkness the winter soldier is first and
foremost a thriller it's not a comedy
but it has enough comedic moments
sprinkled throughout skillfully I might
add that it makes the darker more
serious beats hit even harder it's the
perfect mix and what I've rarely seen in
a comic book movie another thing the
Russo brothers get right is the action
they're the fun ripping can't look away
action sequences that really add to the
movie instead of being a time where you
could check your phone or go refill your
soda these are easily the best action
sequences Marvel's put on the silver
screen since the Avengers and they may
be even better speaking of the Avengers
captain america the winter soldier is a
direct sequel to the marble blockbuster
and a direct preload to the Avengers 2
age of Ultron I won't give anything away
but if you plan on sandy Avengers 2 next
summer you should definitely see the
Winter Soldier first no spoilers just
take my word for us captain america the
winter soldier is the type of comic book
movie that actually transcends the label
it's not just a great comic book movie
but a great movie in its own right it
eclipses its phase two predecessors and
most if not all of phase one and well in
my humble opinion i think captain
america the winter soldier could very
well be the best Marvel movie to date
and should maybe make DC rethink
releasing Batman vs Superman on the same
day as Captain America 3 in 2016 so what
did you guys think of captain america
the winter soldier leave your comments
below and if you liked this review you
should subscribe i'll be reviewing all
the major movies this summer with the
winter soldier we're off to one hell of
a start